 rare but serious complication of dental procedures. The incidence of bacteremia following dental extractions has been reported to be as high as 100%. This article reviews the literature on infective endocarditis and its relationship with dentistry, and discusses the current recommendations for antibiotic prophylaxis in patients at risk of developing this disease..
The authors report a case of a 45-year-old woman who presented with a history of progressive dyspnea and cough. Chest radiography showed bilateral diffuse reticular opacities. High resolution computed tomography (HRCT) demonstrated multiple small nodules with a random distribution throughout both lungs. Transbronchial lung biopsy specimens revealed noncaseating epithelioid cell granulomas. She was diagnosed as having sarcoidosis. After treatment with prednisolone, her symptoms improved and chest radiographs returned to normal. However, HRCT still showed multiple small nodules. We conclude that HRCT may be useful in detecting pulmonary lesions in sarcoidosis. A novel method for the determination of the absolute configuration of secondary alcohols by NMR spectroscopy.
A new method for the determination of the absolute configuration of secondary alcohols is described. The method is based on the observation that the chemical shifts of the methylene group of the alpha-methoxyketones derived from the corresponding secondary alcohols are sensitive to the stereochemical configuration of the hydroxyl group. The method is applicable to a wide range of secondary alcohols including those bearing functional groups such as carbonyl, ester, amide, nitrile, and sulfone. Effects of a single dose of dexamethasone on the hypothalamo‐pituitary‐adrenal axis in healthy volunteers: a placebo‐controlled study
Dexamethasone is widely used in clinical practice. It is known to suppress the hypothalamo‐pituitary‐adrenal (HPA) axis, but the time course of this effect is not well established..
OBJECTIVE
To investigate the effects of different concentrations of sodium hyalur