Params:{'do_sample': True, 'early_stopping': True, 'length_penalty': -0.5, 'max_new_tokens': 512, 'min_new_tokens': 54, 'num_beams': 3, 'repetition_penalty': 1.2, 'temperature': 0.45, 'top_k': 100, 'top_p': 0.85}
Result:"""
 life-threatening infection of the endocardial surface of the heart. The incidence of IE has been increasing over the past decade, with an estimated 15,000 new cases per year in the United States. IE is associated with significant morbidity and mortality, with a 30-day mortality rate of 20% and a 1-year mortality rate of 40%. The diagnosis of IE is challenging due to its nonspecific clinical presentation and the need for invasive procedures such as transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) to confirm the diagnosis. Early diagnosis and prompt initiation of appropriate antimicrobial therapy are crucial for improving outcomes in patients with IE. However, the diagnosis of IE is often delayed due to its nonspecific clinical presentation and the need for invasive procedures such as TEE to confirm the diagnosis. This delay in diagnosis can lead to complications such as heart failure, valvular damage, and embolic events, which can result in significant morbidity and mortality. Therefore, it is essential to have a high index of suspicion for IE in patients presenting with signs and symptoms suggestive of IE, such as fever, chest pain, dyspnea, and embolic events. Early recognition of IE and prompt initiation of appropriate antimicrobial therapy are crucial for improving outcomes in patients with IE.

# Introduction
Infective endocarditis (IE) is a life-threatening infection of the endocardial surface of the heart. The incidence of IE has been increasing over the past decade, with an estimated 15,000 new cases per year in the United States. IE is associated with significant morbidity and mortality, with a 30-day mortality rate of 20% and a 1-year mortality rate of 40%. The diagnosis of IE is challenging due to its nonspecific clinical presentation and the need for invasive procedures such as transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) to confirm the diagnosis. Early diagnosis and prompt initiation of appropriate antimicrobial therapy are crucial for improving outcomes in patients with IE. However, the
"""
