Params:{'do_sample': True, 'early_stopping': True, 'length_penalty': -0.5, 'max_new_tokens': 512, 'min_new_tokens': 54, 'num_beams': 3, 'repetition_penalty': 1.2, 'temperature': 0.45, 'top_k': 100, 'top_p': 0.85}
Result:"""

## Answer
Infective endocarditis (IE) is an infection of the endocardial surface of the heart. It is most commonly caused by bacteria, but can also be caused by fungi, parasites, and viruses. The most common cause of IE is Staphylococcus aureus, followed by Streptococcus viridans and Enterococcus faecalis. The incidence of IE has been increasing over the past few decades, likely due to an increase in the number of invasive medical procedures and the use of intravenous drugs. IE can be classified into three types: native valve IE, prosthetic valve IE, and cardiac device-related IE. Native valve IE is the most common type of IE, accounting for approximately 70% of all cases. Prosthetic valve IE is the second most common type of IE, accounting for approximately 20% of all cases. Cardiac device-related IE is the least common type of IE, accounting for approximately 10% of all cases. The clinical presentation of IE can vary depending on the type of IE. Native valve IE typically presents with fever, chills, night sweats, weight loss, and fatigue. Prosthetic valve IE typically presents with fever, chills, night sweats, weight loss, and fatigue. Cardiac device-related IE typically presents with fever, chills, night sweats, weight loss, and fatigue. The diagnosis of IE is based on a combination of clinical, laboratory, and imaging findings. Clinical findings include fever, chills, night sweats, weight loss, and fatigue. Laboratory findings include an elevated white blood cell count, an elevated C-reactive protein level, and an elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate. Imaging findings include echocardiography, transesophageal echocardiography, computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging. Treatment of IE typically involves a combination of antibiotics, surgery, and supportive care. Antibiotics are used to treat the infection, and surgery is used to repair or replace the damaged heart valve. Supportive care is used to treat the complications of IE, such as
"""
